The ML_SpotTheImage python script is an interactive program that takes some user inputs

concerning the subjects to discriminate between as images and other sampling parameters that

form the boundaries for the machine learning algorithm. The images used in this process are

pulled dynamically from the internet through the Bing api. During the execution of the program

you will see a graph popup. The graph is an indication of how the program has taken your input

boundaries, applied them to the images it just got off the internet and the output is put on this

graph. Each dot represents an image and the colors tell you which image subject they identify.

What we want to try and do is manipulate the boundary parameters we input while using the same

image subjects and see if we can get the graphical points to segregate as much as possible...

meaning that red dots will mostly be in one part of the graph and yellow dots mostly grouped in

another part of the graph. Once this is accomplished, you can be assured that when the program

then does a test of unknown images, it will do a better job of knowing which is which.

I recommend you have the folder that contains the images open before you start running the

program so that you can see them being pulled into it. I would also suggest that as the program

runs and stops at the popup of the graph plot, you examine the images and see if any of them

might be a recognition problem. Such as too dark or there may be images that are not of the

subject types you asked for (we depend on Bing to get the right images pulled for us( which

means they have alredy done some image learning themselves!!!)

We invite you to look into the code and see what other boundary parameters might be added to

the interactive input. Can you think of additional visual feed back that would be helpful in

understanding why the machine sometimes fail to identify the proper image. Try adding some of

your own images into the image folder before running the program.... be careful though to add

them with the same format labels and image type as those pulled in from Bing.
